was just a ceasefire announced.
The fact when we finally get to record something, then there's a tectonic shift.
Right.
I don't know, I was when I saw it, I was like, shit, but I don't want to, like, delay on you again.
I mean, what do you have to do right now?
I mean, if you if you want to delay, you can delay.
But I think it's nothing urgent other than just like watching the developments and tweeting and shit like that, which is sort of important, just like staying on top of, you know, ahead of the narrative or, you know, as things are happening.
I mean,
I mean, we can do it another day.
I'm never busy because no one ever asks to interview me.
So it's not a big deal.
And if you think this is something you have to jump on, you have to jump on it.
You're not wasting my time as long as you eventually in the next couple of days come back here and make the recording.
I mean, then it's not a problem.
Let's do it.
Yeah, let's let's do it.
And let's do it another day, just because, like, I'm going to be like fucking tempted to like look, you know, to check like Twitter or something while we're talking.
And I don't want to be distracted.
I want to give my full attention.
It's all good.
I think it's great.
And I'm I'm hopeful that you that this is meaningful progress, even even 24 hours later, because I know that a lot of times these things don't work out that way.
So I wish you all the best.
I hope
You get what you think we need, because at this point, you're one of the few people that I trust on this issue.
And yeah, I don't know what else to say other than that.
I think it's great that you're happy about it and optimistic, and I hope that that is met with real outcomes.
I mean, it's already- You mean about the Palestine stuff?
Yeah.
I mean, I don't know if I'm, oh man, there's so much to say.
I don't know if I'm optimistic per se, but I mean, it's like what just happened in Syria, like literally Al Qaeda just took over Syria, like a former ISIS lieutenant and Al Qaeda leader is now the head of Syria.
It's so crazy.
And like,
I don't know how much you paid attention to that stuff, but it's- Well, I've paid attention to enough to know that it seems kind of bizarre how instantaneously peaceful this transition to power has been.
It's not peaceful at all.
It's just being covered up.
There's like major sectarian murder.
There's like minorities, religious minorities being like murdered on a daily basis.
I see.
There's only a few Twitter accounts that talk about it.
And it's, you know, of course it's buried by the algorithm.
So it's, uh, oh man, it's a, it's a terrible situation.
Um, and it's, it's very, I don't know how much, if you paid attention to Ukraine, but it's like the same kind of thing as Ukraine.
Like they have this, you know, this suit, like they have these like kind of technocratic elites as like the face of the whole thing.
Where like literal Nazis are actually running the show and it's the same in Ukraine like these guys Check out the piece the piece.
I just published I did a two-part piece, but I just published one yesterday on there are all these allegations of mass graves in Syria and Assad has all these mass graves and The reality is that there's one documented mass grave that you know the Syrian army did
killed these people and threw them in a mass grave.
And there are like dozens.
I mean, I don't know about dozens, but there are a whole bunch of heinous mass graves
run by al-qaeda and isis and like the guys who were just put into power and those are being totally covered up and i just found all this evidence just i just examine the evidence that's out there like open source that's already been documented and it's all there but nobody wants to talk about it and then and like there's this big report from the international commission on missing persons which is you know this big international u.s.
e.u.
funded body
that uh... they're calling for justice you know against uh... justice for against the assad regime and all the shit and their report mass graves is all the mass grave a bunch of mass graves from isis and al-qaeda as like the core and then they wrap it up and then they say and then they put a new york times article that accuses us out of mass graves but presents no evidence so it's like
They just totally, it's just totally deceptive.
So anyway, I mean, um, yeah, so it's, I'm, I'm not, I'm, I'm not exactly optimistic.
I'm trying to, to, you know, be optimistic in a way.
But I mean, what they've done to Gaza, they've just completely obliterated it.
Like there's nothing left of Gaza.
And then the way this whole ceasefire was engineered was Trump and Netanyahu, you know, it's the media is saying that Trump like strong armed Netanyahu into it, like he wants a ceasefire before he comes into office.
But they both suckle from the same teat, the same billionaire funder, Miriam Adelson.
And this is all being portrayed to benefit both Netanyahu and Trump.
Because Trump can say, look, I told Netanyahu he has to agree to a ceasefire.
And Netanyahu can say to his base in Israel,
I didn't have any choice.
Trump pressured me into doing it, which, you know, gives him the kind of escape he needed to.
And then with the ceasefire, they can advance the whole normalization process with Saudi Arabia and all this shit.
So.
So it's pretty grim in a lot of ways, but anyway, I mean, that's what I should that's the stream I should be doing right now is talk about this stuff.
But.
Yeah, I don't know.
So, I mean, I.
Let's, let's table our thing for like a day or two.
Um, worst case we do it like early next week.
Um, okay.
After the inauguration fires are smoldering.
Fuck.
Yeah.
Ah, that's the thing is I wanted to get this out before that was the whole reason I reached out to you this week is cause I was like, let's get this out before the inauguration, man.
Maybe we should just fucking do it.
Like it doesn't have to be.
Yeah, whatever.
Uh, let's do it.
Okay, I mean it can be very short we can do it later tonight tonight I don't have basketball practice.
So I'm open all evening and also actually tomorrow because we have basketball practice on Friday this week, so Okay.
I mean, yeah, let's let's just record it and like we'll just get instead of going into like Brett Weinstein and all these people and we could do like a two or three hour Talk we can just keep it like Trump's
Nominations, so RFK Bhattacharya and and then like doge and like the the FDA sort of I Mean, that's a pretty long discussion too.
But yeah, it's fine I mean, we'll just see where it goes if you're ready for it, then that I was ready for it But it's I really I really want you to you know to be to be in the right state of mind Yeah
Let's just do it, man.
I don't know.
Honestly, I'm so distracted.
I'm like, let's just do it.
But I'm so distracted that I really need to pay attention to Gaza stuff, at least for the afternoon.
Let me hit you later.
In a few hours, I'll have a better sense.
And maybe we can do it tonight, but it might be
Tomorrow or we even record Friday that cool any day.
It's really okay and any time after like School time for us is like 7 o'clock in the morning So you can actually ask me to be here at 8 and I'll look the same and sound the same so whatever works for you You bet.
Thank you, man.
Okay.
Talk to you.
Bye
Interesting.
So Dan Cohen is a good, an interesting new friend of mine that I met during the pandemic, kind of as a contact that maybe would, how would I say it?
get me in touch with people like Jimmy Dore because he had some connections with him through Max Blumenthal and Max Blumenthal and him had made some documentary footage in Gaza years ago and then were fighting for the rights to that footage and now Dan Cohen is actually trying to make it into a formal documentary.
I've seen the trailer of it and he's also trying to start this uncaptured media thing.
He's been on Jimmy Dore a few times with regard to Israel and Gaza
And he has spoken to Jimmy door directly about me and you know as you know I've given Jimmy a copy of this book with all kinds of notes and a letter in it.
And so Jimmy knows who I am and my role and in this whole narrative or at least.
some of the chairs that I've sat in.
And so Dan Cohen is a guy who we've been putting off for a long time, kind of coming back to the COVID narrative simply because he's been so focused on the stuff that's happening in the Middle East.
And so we were going to do an interview last week or the week before, and it didn't work out timing wise somehow.
And then we were going to do one today, but now there's a ceasefire in Gaza and some other things that you heard him talking about.
and so he he because that's his you know primary what is that right what is the word beat that's his primary beat um i guess you know he just feels too distracted to do our interview today and so you know we've been doing it pretty well over the last few days i think my last three hour stream has a couple 15 minute stretches in it that are absolutely um
eviscerating for the state narrative and very succinctly explain how the Scooby-Doo mystery was orchestrated and purported to be solved and is being solved by the same people that some of whom came to my house.
And I think it's a pretty succinct story.
If nothing else, it's deserving of being a book, maybe not with a red cover.
And I think the new biology that we're trying to teach to replace the bad biology
As Buckminster Fuller said, you always have to offer a replacement model.
You don't want to just say the old model's bad, you have to offer a new model that will replace it because it's better.
And I think that's what GigaOM Biological in the broad sense is going to do this year in 2025, try to develop the first pass attempt at a new Biology 101, and also write some kind of real history of this pandemic, one that actually has a timeline in it that reveals
some of these deep state actors, some of these unwitting and witting participants, maybe even just accurately archives their behavior and their statements relative to my family so that people can make a more objective call about whether or not these people are legitimate patriots or not in 2025.
And so I'm hoping that somebody like Dan Cohen, maybe with a completely different audience, albeit an audience open to nuance and understanding and open to the idea that there is a deep state narrative about a lot of things, might be people that have never heard me before and open to the idea that I might have something to say, and maybe we can make some progress in terms of expanding GigaOM Biological's coverage.
So that's the idea of trying to get on
Uncaptured media with Dan Cohen, and so we'll see if the next couple days we could do that So thanks just wanted to get this out there when we do it.
I'm gonna do it live like this I'll just click live and and you won't be able to see Dan because of the way this whole thing works But you'll be able to hear him and at least we'll have it on our own Platforms as well as instant as soon as it's done.
So thanks for being here.
I'm not gonna be back later.
I
as of right now because the new, how do I say it?
The new slide deck is very far from done.
There's no way it's gonna be done by later today.
So this was just a quick pop-up and charting the activity.
The only reason why I might be on again is if Dan finds the time later this afternoon, calls me up.
If we go live, I'll go live here as well.
Thanks for being here.
See you again soon.
Bye, bye, bye, bye.